doc: Update the tentative roadmap for the 1.16 release (#14913)
rook/rook: ROADMAP.md

Any dates listed below and the specific issues that will ship in a given milestone are subject to change but should give a general idea of what we are planning.
See the [GitHub project boards](https://github.com/rook/rook/projects) for the most up-to-date issues and their status.

## Rook Ceph 1.16

> The following high level features are targeted for Rook v1.15 (July 2024). For more detailed project tracking see the [v1.16 board](https://github.com/orgs/rook/projects/6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following high level features are targeted for Rook v1.16 (Dec 2024). For more detailed project tracking see the [v1.16 board](https://github.com/orgs/rook/projects/6).
```

Author: Thanks for catching it!
